More than anything else at Hogwarts, more even than playing Quidditch, 
Harry missed his best friends, Ron Weasley and Hermione Granger.
~“Not Slytherin, eh?” said the small voice. “Are you sure? You could be
great, you know, it’s all here in your head, and Slytherin will help you on the
way to greatness, no doubt about that — no? Well, if you’re sure — better be
GRYFFINDOR!”
~Harry kept to his room, with his new owl for company. He had decided to
call her Hedwig, a name he had found in A History of Magic.
~Harry turned over his card and read:
ALBUS DUMBLEDORE
CURRENTLY HEADMASTER OF HOGWARTS
~ He
pulled out his wand and shouted, “Expelliarmus!” and just as Snape had
Disarmed Lockhart, so Malfoy found the diary shooting out of his hand into
the air.
~No wonder he’s looking so
nervous, that’s Professor Snape. He teaches Potions, but he doesn’t want to —
everyone knows he’s after Quirrell’s job.
~They
had landed next to a tumbledown garage in a small yard, and Harry looked
out for the first time at Ron’s house.
It looked as though it had once been a large stone pigpen, but extra rooms
had been added here and there until it was several stories high and so crooked
it looked as though it were held up by magic (which, Harry reminded himself,
it probably was). Four or five chimneys were perched on top of the red roof.
A lopsided sign stuck in the ground near the entrance read, THE BURROW.
~Text copyright © 2007 by J.K. Rowling
~THE JOURNEY FROM PLATFORM NINE AND
THREE-QUARTERS
~I, Sirius Black, Harry Potter’s godfather, hereby give him permission to
visit Hogsmeade on weekends.
~ “That’s Hagrid,” said Harry, pleased to know something the boy didn’t.
“He works at Hogwarts.”
“Oh,” said the boy, “I’ve heard of him. He’s a sort of servant, isn’t he?”
“He’s the gamekeeper,” said Harry. He was liking the boy less and less
every second.
~Hardly anyone had seen Harry play because Wood had decided that, as
their secret weapon, Harry should be kept, well, secret. But the news that he
was playing Seeker had leaked out somehow, and Harry didn’t know which
was worse — people telling him he’d be brilliant or people telling him they’d
be running around underneath him holding a mattress
~“I haven’t eaten for nearly five hundred years,” said the ghost. “I don’t
need to, of course, but one does miss it. I don’t think I’ve introduced myself?
Sir Nicholas de Mimsy-Porpington at your service. Resident ghost of
Gryffindor Tower.”
“I know who you are!” said Ron suddenly. “My brothers told me about you
— you’re Nearly Headless Nick!”
~“Thestrals,” said Hagrid proudly and Hermione gave a soft “oh!” of
comprehension at Harry’s shoulder. “Hogwarts has got a whole herd of ’em in
here. Now, who knows — ?”
“But they’re really, really unlucky!” interrupted Parvati, looking alarmed.
“They’re supposed to bring all sorts of horrible misfortune on people who see
them. Professor Trelawney told me once —”
“No, no, no,” said Hagrid, chuckling, “tha’s jus’ superstition, that is, they
aren’ unlucky, they’re dead clever an’ useful! ’Course, this lot don’ get a lot o’
work, it’s mainly jus’ pullin’ the school carriages unless Dumbledore’s takin’
a long journey an’ don’ want ter Apparate — an’ here’s another couple, look
—”
~“What’s that?” spat Mr. Malfoy. “What did you say?”
“Got a sock,” said Dobby in disbelief. “Master threw it, and Dobby caught
it, and Dobby — Dobby is free.”
~ Snape’s pale face, illuminated by the flaming cabin,
was suffused with hatred just as it had been before he had cursed
Dumbledore.
“You dare use my own spells against me, Potter? It was I who invented
them — I, the Half-Blood Prince!
~It was an unpleasant scene; the twins had evidently been trying to smuggle
as many toffees out of the house as possible, and it was only by using her
Summoning Charm that Mrs. Weasley managed to find them all.
“Accio! Accio! Accio!” she shouted, and toffees zoomed from all sorts of
unlikely places, including the lining of George’s jacket and the turn-ups of
Fred’s jeans.
~“What sort of magic do you teach, Professor Quirrell?”
“D-Defense Against the D-D-Dark Arts,” muttered Professor Quirrell, as
though he’d rather not think about it.
~“He tried to get past
that three-headed dog on Halloween. It bit him. We think he was trying to
steal whatever it’s guarding.”
Hagrid dropped the teapot.
“How do you know about Fluffy?” he said.
“Fluffy?”
“Yeah — he’s mine
~“I heard rumors there were acromantulas in the forest,” said Slughorn
softly, looking over at the mass of black trees. “It’s true, then?”
“Yes,” said Harry. “But this one, Aragog, the first one Hagrid ever got, it
died last night.
~Albus’s voice drifted back
to Harry over the surrounding clamor; his sons had resumed the argument
they had started in the car.
“I won’t! I won’t be in Slytherin!”
“James, give it a rest!” said Ginny.
~“It won’t be long, and you’ll be going too,” Harry told her.
“Two years,” sniffed Lily. “I want to go now!”
The commuters stared curiously at the owls as the family wove its way
toward the barrier between platforms nine and ten. Albus’s voice drifted back
to Harry over the surrounding clamor; his sons had resumed the argument
they had started in the car.
“I won’t! I won’t be in Slytherin!”
“James, give it a rest!” said Ginny.
~“Don’ mention it,” said Hagrid gruffly. “Don’ expect you’ve had a lotta
presents from them Dursleys. Just Ollivanders left now — only place fer
wands, Ollivanders, and yeh gotta have the best wand.”
~“Snape’s Head of Slytherin
House. They say he always favors them — we’ll be able to see if it’s true.”
~s. I take it,” he turned, smiling, to look at Hermione,
who had let out an audible gasp, “that you know what Felix Felicis does, Miss
Granger?”
“It’s liquid luck,” said Hermione excitedly. “It makes you lucky!”
~THE MARAUDER’S MAP
It was a map showing every detail of the Hogwarts castle and grounds. But
the truly remarkable thing were the tiny ink dots moving around it, each
labeled with a name in minuscule writing. Astounded, Harry bent over it. A
labeled dot in the top left corner showed that Professor Dumbledore was
pacing his study; the caretaker’s cat, Mrs. Norris, was prowling the second
floor; and Peeves the Poltergeist was currently bouncing around the trophy
room. And as Harry’s eyes traveled up and down the familiar corridors, he
noticed something else.
~“The champion for Beauxbatons,” said Dumbledore, “is Fleur Delacour!”
~“Very few people know that Lord Voldemort was once called Tom Riddle. I
taught him myself, fifty years ago, at Hogwarts
~Harry took out his wand, murmured, “Lumos!” and a tiny light appeared at
the end of it, just enough to let them watch the path for signs of spiders.
~ Pigwidgeon zoomed happily around his cage, hooting shrilly. Harry knew
Ron too well to take him seriously. He had moaned continually about his old
rat, Scabbers, but had been most upset when Hermione’s cat, Crookshanks,
appeared to have eaten him.
“Where’s Crookshanks?” Harry asked Hermione now.
~“What’s it do?” said Harry, staring at the gillyweed.
“It will make Harry Potter breathe underwater, sir!”
~According to Hagrid you were with Professor
Dumbledore when he — when it happened. He says Professor Snape was
involved in some —”
“Snape killed Dumbledore,” said Harry.
~Dumbledore and Professor McGonagall bent forward over the bundle of
blankets. Inside, just visible, was a baby boy, fast asleep. Under a tuft of jetblack hair over his forehead they could see a curiously shaped cut, like a bolt
of lightning.
“Is that where — ?” whispered Professor McGonagall.
“Yes,” said Dumbledore. “He’ll have that scar forever.”
~Of all the unusual things about Harry, this scar was the most extraordinary
of all. It was not, as the Dursleys had pretended for ten years, a souvenir of
the car crash that had killed Harry’s parents, because Lily and James Potter
had not died in a car crash. They had been murdered, murdered by the most
feared Dark wizard for a hundred years, Lord Voldemort. Harry had escaped
from the same attack with nothing more than a scar on his forehead, where
Voldemort’s curse, instead of killing him, had rebounded upon its originator.
Barely alive, Voldemort had fled. . . .
~“Let’s find out,” said Harry. He pushed the door: It was locked. Hermione
pointed her wand at the handle and said, “Alohomora.” There was a click,
and the door swung open
~“Years back, there were a lot of witches and wizards being controlled by
the Imperius Curse,” said Moody, and Harry knew he was talking about the
days in which Voldemort had been all-powerful. 
~Professor McGonagall was again different. Harry had been quite right to
think she wasn’t a teacher to cross. Strict and clever, she gave them a talkingto the moment they sat down in her first class.
“Transfiguration is some of the most complex and dangerous magic you
will learn at Hogwarts,” she said. “Anyone messing around in my class will
leave and not come back. You have been warned.”
~“No, it’s not,” said Hermione. “All we’d need would be some Polyjuice
Potion.”
“What’s that?” said Ron and Harry together.
“Snape mentioned it in class a few weeks ago —”
“D’you think we’ve got nothing better to do in Potions than listen to
Snape?” muttered Ron.
“It transforms you into somebody else. Think about it! We could change
into three of the Slytherins. No one would know it was us. Malfoy would
probably tell us anything. He’s probably boasting about it in the Slytherin
common room right now, if only we could hear him.”
~“Dinner, Nagini,” said Voldemort softly, and the great snake swayed and
slithered from his shoulders onto the polished wood.
~“I have also been asked by Mr. Filch, the caretaker, to remind you all that
no magic should be used between classes in the corridors.
~“I don’t need a cloak to become invisible,” said Dumbledore gently. “Now,
can you think what the Mirror of Erised shows us all?”
Harry shook his head.
“Let me explain. The happiest man on earth would be able to use the
Mirror of Erised like a normal mirror, that is, he would look into it and see
himself exactly as he is. Does that help?”
Harry thought. Then he said slowly, “It shows us what we want . . .
whatever we want . . .”
“Yes and no,” said Dumbledore quietly. “It shows us nothing more or less
than the deepest, most desperate desire of our hearts.
~“Mandrake, or Mandragora, is a powerful restorative,” said Hermione,
sounding as usual as though she had swallowed the textbook. “It is used to
return people who have been transfigured or cursed to their original state.”
“Excellent. Ten points to Gryffindor,” said Professor Sprout. “The
Mandrake forms an essential part of most antidotes. It is also, however,
dangerous. Who can tell me why?”
Hermione’s hand narrowly missed Harry’s glasses as it shot up again.
“The cry of the Mandrake is fatal to anyone who hears it,” she said
promptly.
~Ron looked around at Harry, his expression very serious indeed.
“Did you know?” he whispered. “About Hagrid being half-giant?”
“No,” Harry said, shrugging. “So what?”
~It
is called the Patronus Charm.”
“How does it work?” said Harry nervously.
“Well, when it works correctly, it conjures up a Patronus,” said Lupin,
“which is a kind of anti-dementor — a guardian that acts as a shield between
you and the dementor.”
~“EXPECTO PATRONUM!”
An enormous silver stag erupted from the tip of Harry’s wand; its antlers
caught the dementor in the place where the heart should have been; it was
thrown backward, weightless as darkness, and as the stag charged, the
dementor swooped away, batlike and defeated.
~“The adventure ends here, boys!” he said. “I shall take a bit of this skin
back up to the school, tell them I was too late to save the girl, and that you
two tragically lost your minds at the sight of her mangled body — say goodbye to your memories!”
He raised Ron’s Spellotaped wand high over his head and yelled,
“Obliviate!”
~Harry thought even Professor Sprout seemed distant with him — but
then, she was Head of Hufflepuff House.
~“Good man, Harry!” roared Hagrid. “Right then — let’s see how yeh get on
with Buckbeak.”
He untied one of the chains, pulled the gray hippogriff away from its
fellows, and slipped off its leather collar. The class on the other side of the
paddock seemed to be holding its breath. Malfoy’s eyes were narrowed
maliciously.
~A glass case next to it held a magnificent silver sword with large
rubies set into the hilt, which Harry recognized as the one he himself had
pulled out of the Sorting Hat in his second year. The sword had once belonged
to Godric Gryffindor, founder of Harry’s House. 
~Dear Mr. Potter,
We are pleased to inform you that you have been accepted at
Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. Please find enclosed a list
of all necessary books and equipment.


